Duong H Chau
CSC 143
HW3 - report

1/I made a class diagram and roughly sketch the output that I wanted the program to look like after
completion

2/as the user pressed on the shape, that shape get selected and the boolean type variable set to true
while dragging, if the variable is true, call the shift method in the drawingboard class. when finish
dragging, the varibale set to false as the mouse is released.

3/I test my code my running it everytime I make adjustments or add more feature to the design.
I encounterd serveral simple bugs such as null pointer exception, missing adding listener to panel,
and logic error when call the shift method.
There is a small problem when I tried to make the selected shape to be null when clicking on the
blank space of the panel. The output of the panel works as expected but there is a nullpointer exception.

4/I created a JSlider to move all shape in the Panel. I made 2 slider in the controller- a vertical
and a horizontal one. Wrote a JsliderListener (implements ChangeListener) class to respond to the 
changes in the slider - the listener get values from slider and call the moveALL method from the 
drawingboard. moveALL method also notifies viewrs after it finish.

I made a button to delete a shape. I instantiate the button and but it in a same panel as the other
three buttons. this send a message to the model that the next clicks will be earasing the shapes.

I made a JcolorChooser to change the color of the selected shape. I Wrote a ColorChooser (extends 
JPanel implements ChangeListener) class and instantiate it in the controller. Put it in a South
border of the frame. When ever the user choose a color in the JColorChooser, changeColor method in
drawingboard is called and sets the color of the selected shape to the chosen color. After set the
color, it notifies the viewers to update.

5/this a good assigment for getting used to MVC design, it is fun to look at the visual test.
I learnt how to create Buttons-Frames-Panels-Slider, draw Shapes using graphics object, and different
kind of Listeners.
Though this assignment really is a time consuming one, it is worth doing it.