	My name is Duong Hung Chau and I was born in 1994 in Ho Chi Minh city Vietnam. I am writing this letter with hopes to fulfill my academic goals in the University of Washington. With such reputation and outstanding programs your university has to offer, there is no doubt that it will be highly beneficial for my future career and it will make a great impact in changing my life.
	Living in one of the largest and most competitive cities in Vietnam has helped me build up my competitive  personality. During my first ten years of schooling, I was always placed in the advance classroom, where the expectations were much higher. Being pushed and pressured by society and family has given me the solid foundation in working hard in order to meet the high expectation. Over the course of my education in my home country, I fell in love with the English language from the moment when I was first introduced to it. Since then, I became the number one English test scorer in my class. And because of my love and passion toward the English subject, I am now studying in the United States and closer to fulfill my academic goal. Therefore, I deeply believe that with passion and determination, I will succeed to become the first one in my family to receive a university degree.
	I am currently a second year student at North Seattle Community College and will be graduating this spring quarter 2013. The experiences, knowledge, and achievements I have had at North Seattle Community College are beyond my expectations. This college has helped me choose my major in computer engineering. One of the reasons I chose this major is that I love working on computers and exploring the endless possibilities of modern technology. Also, the science and engineering field has always fascinated me with its accelerated expansion. It is constantly changing the world and it inspires me to be a part of its evolution. Secondly, because of the similarity of the two majors, computer and electrical engineering, I can also become an electrical engineer. With a computer engineering degree, I would be able to secure my future with a well grounded job. However, it is not only about my career but it is also about how I will be able to contribute to help the millions of people that are less fortunate. There are people in different parts of the world who get paid less than three dollars a day and they do not have energy in their homes. I hope that I can make a different in their lives by traveling to those communities and applying my education and expertise as an engineer. 
	Choosing one of the most competitive majors, I was prepared to encounter many difficult classes and perfection is a must for my performance. My performance so far could be described as excellent with a close to perfect score of 3.75 GPA. I am currently on the vice president list and I am trying my best to be in the president list by the time I graduate this spring 2013. I encountered obstacles that has prevented me from being on the president list. During Fall 2013, I took three intense classes: Linear Algebra, Differential Equation and a programming II. The work load was more than I expected and I was not able to study the programming language carefully. This resulted in me having a B in programming class. However, It was a great learning experience for me. I learned from that experience to be more precise in planning, how to organize my time and what I am capable of doing. I am retaking the programming class with determination of getting a much higher grade. On top of that, I have taken a job as a tutor in the Math and Science Center with the purpose of enhancing and refining my knowledge in mathematics, physics, and programming. Being able to help and instruct my fellow colleagues helps me become more confident in believing that I deserve the perfect scores, and deserve to have the opportunity to fulfill my academic goal in a well-known university. Along with the major related classes that I have to take, I am also finishing my high school degree where I completed my portfolio, taking the ACT test and writing my resume. Therefore, with confidence, I am prepared and ready to take on the upcoming challenges in the UW.
	I do not consider myself as a computer nerd who isolate himself from others, in fact, at North Seattle Community College, I was able to develop friendships with many students from different nationalities through volunteering and doing community services. Besides the busy academic life, I've spent over eighty hours in volunteer activities. I am part of a North Star team who helps the new international students by translating and guiding them during the orientation week and throughout their first quarter. I am also a vice president of Global Student Organization (GSO), former Asian Student Association. As a college club, we organize many different community events such as: International District Spring clean up, Dragon Fest, and our most proud Lunar New Year celebration on NSCC's campus. I actively take the roll of negotiating prices and organizing the Lion Dance in the Lunar New Year celebration. We were able to have our school president Mark Mitsu to deliver a speech at our event. The success in sharing the Asian cultures with the whole school was phenomenal. Our colleagues say that they wish the campus had more cultural event like our Lunar New Year celebration because it makes them want to stay on campus more often. I am hoping to bring my experiences in NSCC to another level at the University of Washington by joining clubs and participating in various events where I can present my leadership skills.
	My life has always been about satisfying many family expectations. Since I am the first generation in my family receive a college education, I have had a greater responsibility to up hold. I am the only one among my brothers and sisters to have the fortune of studying in the United State where I can take control of my educational and carrier paths. Therefore, I will use my time wisely to actively make friends, make connections and be part of the community. The University of Washington is my choice for greater knowledge and experience. I will be much grateful to have your consideration on enrolling me into your university.
